Edits to TDE refresh pr6130 (#6227)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/tde/15/enabling/enabling_tde_epas.mdx

- [Create a new database server](#creating-an-encrypted-server):
    - Create an empty directory for the new server and ensure enterprisedb owns it.
    - Set the environment variables to export the `wrap` and `unwrap` commands for encryption. 
    - Initialize a server with encryption enabled.
    - Change the default port so the new server is available at another port. 
    - Start the database server.
    - Connect to the database server and ensure it's functioning.
- [Upgrade to the encrypted server](#upgrading-to-the-encrypted-server):
    - Stop both the source and the new server. 
    - Use pg_upgrade with the `--copy-by-block` option to copy data from the source server to the new server. Specify the source and target bin and data directories. 
    - Start the new encrypted database server. 
    - Connect to the encrypted database server and ensure the data was transferred. 
- [Clean up and delete the source server](#cleaning-up-after-upgrade):
    - Clean up the database and its statistics. 
    - Remove the source EDB Postgres Advanced Server cluster with the script provided by pg_upgrade. 

## Worked example

> This example enables transparent data encryption on EDB Postgres Advanced Server version 16 running on an Ubuntu 22.04 machine. 

Reviewer: Also capitalized.

Author: Should just be TDE in this context.

> This example enables transparent data encryption on EDB Postgres Advanced Server version 16 running on an Ubuntu 22.04 machine. 

Author: ```suggestion
This example enables TDE on EDB Postgres Advanced Server version 16 running on an Ubuntu 22.04 machine. 
```
